c:\users\daniel!\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MazeNavigator\LevelDesigner\bin\Windows\Debug\LevelDesigner.exe
c:\users\daniel!\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MazeNavigator\LevelDesigner\bin\Windows\Debug\LevelDesigner.pdb
c:\users\daniel!\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MazeNavigator\LevelDesigner\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\daniel!\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MazeNavigator\LevelDesigner\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\daniel!\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MazeNavigator\LevelDesigner\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\daniel!\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MazeNavigator\LevelDesigner\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\daniel!\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MazeNavigator\LevelDesigner\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\daniel!\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MazeNavigator\LevelDesigner\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\daniel!\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MazeNavigator\LevelDesigner\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\daniel!\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MazeNavigator\LevelDesigner\bin\Windows\Debug\Lidgren.Network.dll
c:\users\daniel!\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MazeNavigator\LevelDesigner\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\daniel!\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MazeNavigator\LevelDesigner\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\daniel!\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MazeNavigator\LevelDesigner\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\daniel!\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MazeNavigator\LevelDesigner\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\daniel!\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MazeNavigator\LevelDesigner\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\daniel!\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MazeNavigator\LevelDesigner\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\daniel!\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MazeNavigator\LevelDesigner\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\daniel!\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MazeNavigator\LevelDesigner\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\daniel!\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MazeNavigator\LevelDesigner\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\daniel!\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MazeNavigator\LevelDesigner\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\daniel!\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MazeNavigator\LevelDesigner\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\daniel!\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MazeNavigator\LevelDesigner\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\daniel!\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MazeNavigator\LevelDesigner\obj\x86\Debug\LevelDesigner.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\daniel!\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MazeNavigator\LevelDesigner\obj\x86\Debug\LevelDesigner.exe
c:\users\daniel!\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MazeNavigator\LevelDesigner\obj\x86\Debug\LevelDesigner.pdb
C:\Users\DANIEL!\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MazeNavigator\LevelDesigner\bin\Windows\Debug\IgnoreMe.dll
C:\Users\DANIEL!\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MazeNavigator\LevelDesigner\bin\Windows\Debug\LevelDesigner.exe.config
C:\Users\DANIEL!\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MazeNavigator\LevelDesigner\bin\Windows\Debug\MazeNavigator.exe
C:\Users\DANIEL!\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MazeNavigator\LevelDesigner\bin\Windows\Debug\Microsoft.QualityTools.Testing.Fakes.dll
C:\Users\DANIEL!\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MazeNavigator\LevelDesigner\bin\Windows\Debug\MazeNavigator.pdb
C:\Users\DANIEL!\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MazeNavigator\LevelDesigner\bin\Windows\Debug\XNAUtils.dll
C:\Users\DANIEL!\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MazeNavigator\LevelDesigner\bin\Windows\Debug\XNAUtils.pdb
C:\Users\DANIEL!\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MazeNavigator\LevelDesigner\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Audio\PlayerDeath.xnb
C:\Users\DANIEL!\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MazeNavigator\LevelDesigner\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Audio\PlayerDeath.wma
C:\Users\DANIEL!\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MazeNavigator\LevelDesigner\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Audio\MouseOver.xnb
C:\Users\DANIEL!\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MazeNavigator\LevelDesigner\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Audio\MouseOver.wma
C:\Users\DANIEL!\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MazeNavigator\LevelDesigner\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Audio\PlayerDeath.mp3
C:\Users\DANIEL!\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MazeNavigator\LevelDesigner\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Audio\MouseOver.mp3
